SheRises Health

Here at SheRises, we are changing women’s healthcare. 

SheRises Health specializes in hormones and metabolic health in every stage of women’s lives.

SheRises recenters the care experience around you and gives you back control over your body. 

Here at SheRises we believe that reversal of metabolic dysfunction is possible. We blend modern and traditional therapeutic modalities to find the perfect treatment, individualized to you. 

Through advanced testing and a whole-health, root-cause method, SheRises helps you achieve your optimal health goals. 

Our full menu of services has you covered for all your primary women’s health needs:
Routine: Well Woman Care, Contraceptive Care, Abnormal bleeding, Vaginitis (Acute and Chronic), Menopause
Specialized: Hormone Health, Metabolic Dysfunction, Sexual Health, Fertility, Aging

Rise Above Hormone Imbalance
Hormone Specialization in all life’s stages: hormones are the pulse of your health.  
Adolescence hormone health through early adulthood
Early reproductive years
Mid 30’s through early 40’s – late reproductive years 
Postpartum
Perimenopause
Postmenopause
 
Rise Above Metabolic Disease:
Metabolic Health:
Insulin resistance 
PCOS
Prediabetes
Thyroid disease
Weight dysregulation

Rise Into Sexual Wellness:
Sexual Health:
Reproductive health promotion
Adolescent health education 
Prevention of infertility
Treatment of infections 
Sexual pain conditions
PTSD and sexual trauma history

Rise up to your reproductive potential:
We care about your fertility and help you achieve your goals within a life-span, whole-health framework:
Contraceptive Care – informed, individualized contraceptive management that empowers you and puts you in charge of your fertility. 
Reproductive Life Planning – empowering you with the tools you need 
Fertility Preservation and Promotion – prevention and information is power
Infertility – root-cause management

Rise beyond your age
Aging Well:
Bone and muscle health 
Fitness
Sexual function
Sleep health
Dementia prevention
Vaginal Microbiome
Vaginal Atrophy prevention and treatment

We Rise With You In All Your Primary Women’s Health Needs
Routine Primary Women’s Health:
Cervical Cancer Screening
Breast Cancer Screening, mammogram referrals
GYN Biopsy and skin lesion management
Advanced hereditary cancer screening
Breast cancer risk reduction
Autoimmune disease treatment 
Weight management
Irregular menses
No periods
Too many periods
Vaginitis
UTI
Vaginal Atrophy







ABOUT US:
Scarlett Grandy is a Certified Nurse Midwife and Board Certified Women’s Health Nurse Practitioner. She deliberately chose the field of nursing as her primary route to women’s healthcare because she wanted to bring women a different experience in their care. Through advanced education and research, Scarlett has become the leading specialist in women’s hormone and metabolic health in Northwest Arkansas. To her daily clinical practice, Scarlett  brings a blend of trust in the power of the body to heal and a belief in the appropriate use of medication and intervention. 

Midwife literally means “with woman”. As a midwife, Scarlett’s clinical approach is fundamentally different from the routine medical model that puts the doctor at the center of the care exchange. 
Scarlett founded and created SheRises to bring women a new model. 
At SheRises the patient is the driver of the care experience and Scarlett holds the space, brings the tools, and paves the way for every woman to find optimal health. 

Scarlett has been specializing in women’s whole-health for 16 years. She is a leader in hormone and metabolic optimization and reversal of metabolic disease. 
Scarlett is a member of The Menopause Society and the International Society for the Study of Women’s Sexual Health. 
She is a professional Equine Assisted Growth and Learning Specialist, offering integrated, alternative healing methods for sexual trauma healing for women. 
She is actively connected with community resources for comprehensive care offerings and referral facilitation. 

Office manager and medical assistant:
…




